DR. JOSEPH CLARENCE EMMANUEL MICHAEL
Dr. Joseph Clarence


ACADEMIC QUALIFICATION:

Cert. in Aeronautical Engineering 1986, Singapore Polytechnic, Singapore
Dip. in Mechanical & Manufacturing Engineering 1990, Singapore Polytechnic, Singapore
Bachelors in Mechanical Engineering (2nd Upper) 1994, QUB Belfast, United Kingdom
Master in Engineering 2002, University Malaya, Malaysia
DSc in Engineering Management, 2012, USA
PROFESSIONAL CERTIFICATION:

Certificate IV in Training & Assessment (TEA 40110)2011 (Australia )
Diploma in Training and Assessment (TAA 50104) 2011    (Australia )
Diploma in Project Management (BSB 51415) (Australia )
Six Sigma Certification, 2017
COMPETENCY CERTIFICATION:

Competency in EHS Practices 2004, IPA Malaysia
Train the Trainer (PSMB) 2006, Malaysia4.
TS 16949 -2002 QMS Training (Singapore NTUC) 2006, Singapore.
Competency Based Training Needs Analysis, 2008, EMC Management Centre Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia
BRIEF BIODATA:

Dr Joseph Clarence Emmanuel Michael is a trainer and internationally recognized expert in Engineering, Training and Organizational Development. He is currently Director of Technical Training and most of his work is in the field of engineering management consultancy and training in Malaysia. Joseph has worked in Singapore for the past 12 years and has had a varied career in engineering developments and training arena. He is an accomplished facilitator and professional trainer for the last 22 years’ experience in training design and delivery in both the private and public sectors.

With a strong background in problem solving and risk management practices in the areas of aerospace maintenance engineering, services, assets, building maintenance and oil and gas industry on three continents, he has trained and consulted for organizations including Petronas Gas, BHP Billiton, Caltex, Hamilton Standard, Aker Solutions, Worley Parsons and Antah Schindler. He has developed programs that have included executive development initiatives, the efficiency of the implementation of design-based learning and competency-mapping skills training. He has progressively moved up to various positions as GD&T, SIPOC, APQP, 7QC Tools, SPC, MSA, OEE, GR&R, DOE, FMEA, CAPA, and RCA consultant. He has conducted audit work in ISO 9001, ISO/TS 16949, and AS9100 management system standards for Performance Guarantee Status for the following organization.

Joseph is a very experienced and a senior practitioner in the facilities management arena. He is a member of the International Facilities Management Association (IFMA) and contributed to the Malaysian Industries on Asset and Facilities Management. His practical experience was gained in the management of major building projects and later as the Head of Building and Engineering Management and Facilities of a national public college (where he was at the forefront of guiding the public sector in outsourcing services – including Air Conditioning Services and now as Director of an independent consultancy specializing in BEM and FM with clients such as Edgenta Mediserve, Bank Negara and Malaysia Airport Berhad.

Joseph a qualified instructor registered with PSMB (TTT C/N: 460616) and a member with the Singapore Quality Institute and is a certified Master Trainer of the AQTF, Australia. He is a qualified Lead Auditors (Training) and Auditor in ISO 9001-2015. He has provided training (English and Malay) in technical consulting works for the staff of about 50 international and 800 domestic companies and has trained about 5,000 staff who are currently managers, executives, and operations personnel.

CAREER EXPERIENCE:

Singapore Aerospace, Singapore – Engineering Dept. Leader
Institute Technology Pertama, Malaysia– Head of Dept.
Prime College, Subang Jaya – Lecturer – Program Coordinator