Green Building Design and Construction
1.0: Title

Green Building Design and Construction

HRDCorp Training Program No: 10001360131

2.0: Introduction

This day and age, you hear everyone talking about going green and green building. Whether you want to admit it or not, at some point everyone will have to follow with the going green and green building movement. This is because at the rate we are going, the earth is simply not sustainable. That means that over the years, we will begin to run out of certain natural resources that are needed in order for us to survive. This course is designed to provide participants the essentials of green building design and construction to understand what exactly sustainability is, green building, why they should consider it, what are the goals of a green buildings, economic benefits of green building and green building materials and products.

3.0: Learning Outcome

Upon completion of the program, participants should be able to:

Recognize the importance of the environment and its sustainability
Describe green buildings, benefits and the evolution of green buildings.
Recognize the green building certification standards such as LEED and GBI
Recognize the concept of sustainability in buildings
Identify and select green building materials and products
4.0 Course Contents

4.1) Sustainability

Introduction
Triple Bottom Line
Principles of Sustainability
Environment and Environmental Science
Nutrient Cycling
Natural Capital Degradation
Sources of Pollution
Sustainability Tour (Virtual)
4.2) Green Building Introduction

Building Life Cycle Costs
What is a “Green Building”?
Green Building Standards
What is LEED?
LEED Categories
Green Building Index (GBI)
Green Building Tour (Virtual)
4.3) Economic Benefits of Green Building Design and Construction

Why Green Buildings?
Economic Factors
Energy Efficiency & Lightings
Water Efficiency
Green Building and Employee Productivity & Health
Material Efficiency
Construction & Demolishing Recycling
Green Building Economics Tour (Virtual)
4.4) Green Building Materials & Products

Waste Quantities
Characteristics of Green Materials
Green Concrete
Recycled Materials
Materials Decision Matrix
Performance-Based Analysis
Selection of Materials
Green Materials and Products Tour (Virtual)
5.0 Who should attend

Engineers, Managers, Construction Professionals, Green Building Professionals, Energy Managers

7.0 Training Methodology

The seminar will include interactive sessions, group discussions, and practical exercises to help participants apply green building principles to their own projects. Certificates of completion will be provided to all attendees.

7.0 Contact Us for Details

KM Training & Consulting Services

MyCo ID: 202103259999

Tel/WhatsApp: +6010-2175360

info@kmtcs.com.my | www.kmtcs.com.my

